Let's look at functionality of the passwords Radu one has an enable and secret password configured router
to at the moment doesn't have a password configured.
All boot the router and open up a console.
So top disable and rotten do the same on rockety when I type enable and Rodda one I need to enter my
password which is my secret password and router 2 I don't have to enter anything because no password
has been configured if Alltop been able and do nothing.
The Rondo's going to wait for a period of time for me to enter a password and if I don't it's going
to prompt me and I'll speed up the video to save you the time waiting for this but notice the time it
has expired that's going to happen three times.
While we're waiting for that I'll set up an enable password on route to
and I'll show you what happens when I touched the wrong password in.
So I'm not type in password one possible to password to three.
Notice it tells me bad passwords so I'm not locked out of the router.
I'm simply told that I've entered a bad number of passwords notice and wrote a one second time that
has occurred on rockety it's doing Nabl secret Cisco one disable.
Now this is going to be my secret password.
One two three told bad secrets.
Previously I was told bad passwords on Router one I'm told bad secrets because I've had three timeouts.
So the moral of the story is that if you wait too long you'll be prompted again offers free incorrect
tries of a password.
It reverts back to user mode and that's the default behavior.
It's not going to lock you out of the router.
You can enable more security but that's not covered in the CCN a course so I won't explain it here but
you can lock someone out of a router if you want to and something to take note of is show run piping
Kloot enable you can't use this as your password.
So I'll copy that type disable and pasted in but it's not accepted as a password.
So I'll say no enable secret
show run pipe include enable So my password is Siska top civis password encryption show run piping CLEET
enable my cryptic password.
I'll try and paste that in when prompted for a password.
And it's not accepted.
I need to use my unencrypted password when going from user mode to enable mode.